hey what is having everybody homicide
here and I knew it has been a long time
it's been a long time people but you
know what I'm back in action the summers
almost done which is sad but I have
10,000 subscribers which is amazing and
I would like to thank all you guys aw
text message I would thank all you guys
for all the support and just for staying
with me for this long time and I won't
let you guys down and I'm definitely not
looking down from here i'm only looking
up and i'm trying to expand my channel
and hopefully post a lot more on to this
channel but i'm not sure because this
this school year as you guys should know
i'm in tumbly I go to Temple University
so this school year I'm actually trying
to focus on my academics so I will try
to post at least two videos a week to
this channel and I'll be dropping videos
every now and then into the my job box
for machinima to upload so um yeah thank
you guys and open lobbies will be coming
up i think i just talked to Jericho on
skype and he agreed to run it with me so
it will be an open lobby with me and
Jericho's so that should be fun
Jericho's a funny dude and um yeah if
you don't know who that guy is i'll link
him in the description and if you sub to
him just tell him homicide sent you and
that he looks like a big dick this would
be like homicides sent you and your head
looks like a big dick
but um about my summer my summer has
been pretty interesting I've been
chilling a lot mmm not doing much of
anything trying to find a job um just
driving around and my act and if you
guys didn't know I have a car it's uh
it's an acura 3.2 tio 1999 leather black
interior silver paint rims but they kind
of scratched up but I could care less
about the rims and my system is pretty
good so yeah but my summer I've talking
to a lot of girls girls girls girls
girls girls we'd girls and that's about
it that's some roses that summarizes my
summer in uh about two words girls and
weed but um I think i'ma cut this
commentary short and I hope you guys
enjoyed it and thank you guys for
sticking with me for this long and I
won't let you guys down and hopefully
you'll stick around with me till I get a
hundred thousand subscribers and even
more because in my eyes the sky is the
limit and whatever you put your mind to
and if you keep trying you can
definitely achieve it so just dream ha
and one day you will get it I never
imagined that I would get Tim down
subscribers but you know what I did and
it feels good it really feels good if
once you hit the ten thousand mark it's
as if you are you know that you're
recognized in the YouTube call of duty
community so I'm actually pretty happy
about that but as I said i'ma cut this
commentary short
this gameplay here is actually from from
after I got my xbox fixed because I had
the red rings for about a month and a
half this summer so I just recently got
a fixed and this is the first gameplay
that I got it's not the best gameplay I
believe I go 33 and seven or something
but it's a pretty good gameplay I kinda
I'm still kind of getting used to the
game so because I have to readjust so um
I'll talk to you guys later and I'll
definitely keep you posted about the
open lobby i'll post the video on this
channel and i'll probably tell Jericho
to post a video on his channel so we can
get this open lobby going and um yeah
catch you guys later
I love you
heads up
I think I would break down
ok
didn't even break a sweat hey girl watch
Oh